I saw your listing {title} on Craigslist, you have an opportunity to sell your item quickly and securely on Resold.
I noticed your listing {title} on Craigslist and was hoping you would be interested in taking a look at a brand new marketplace called Resold.
I noticed your listing on Craigslist and was wondering if you would try a new marketplace called Resold.
You have a great listing on Craigslist, if you'd like to get your item sold quicker, you should try the new marketplace called Resold.
I saw that you sell a lot on Craigslist, try out a brand new cashless zero-fee marketplace called Resold.
I saw your {title} on Craigslist, would you be interested in trying a zero-fee cashless marketplace called Resold?
Resold is a zero-fee cashless marketplace. List your items for sale and give your buyers a link to checkout instantly via debit or credit card.
I'm really excited about using this new marketplace called Resold and think that you should try it too.
Resold is the easiest website I have ever used, I really think you should try it.
I'm blown away by how easy it is to list your items on Resold. This new marketplace is crazy.
Resold is such a great idea, cashless local payments, I shouldn't have to walk around with $1000 in cash.
Have you had any luck using other websites like Poshmark and letgo? I've been using Resold lately and it's been working like a charm.
I just listed an item on Resold and it was really easy, I think you should try it out.
I think you have a really nice listing and would like to recommend that you list it for free on the best new marketplace on the web.
I'd like to recommend that you try out a free new ad listing site. They make it really simple to list your items.
I'd like to suggest that you post your item on a new ad site, Resold.
Tnere seems to be a way to sell your items easier, I was checking it out the other day.
My friend was recommending that you try out a new ad listing website called Resold.
I sold my baseball cards the other day on this ad listing website called Resold, I'd like to recommend it.
I'd like to recommend a service that will help you list your item on different parts of the Internet so that you can sell your stuff faster.
