Have you tried any other marketplaces?
How is your sale going? Making any progress?
Having any luck selling your item?
Did you know that there are many other websites that you can use to sell your item.
I'm interested in your post and would like to learn more.
You have some interesting items for sale and I would like to learn more.
Hope you are having luck selling your items.
Is there anything I can do to help you list your item for sale?
How do you feel about the current market trends?
I see you are still alive and have not died from Corona Virus, congratulations!
Corona Virus is on the loose, stay safe.
Stay safe out there, tornados are in the midst.
Marijuana is legal in Illinois, stay safe out there.
Hope your work and family life is going well.
Hope you're driving safe out there.
I hope you're enjoying the great weather we're having.
Is there anything that you don't like about the platforms you're using to list your items?
I'm glad that I reached out to you about your post.
Have you had any luck with craigslist lately?
What are your opinions on the craigslist vs. e-bay debate?
I think I have a solution to all your problems.
I'm trying to think of a way for you to list your item quicker and more securely.
I wonder if there's a safer alternative to the platform you're using now.
There's a marketplace out there with a ton of features. Check it out.
We're all going to be okay... Corona Virus hasn't hit us yet.
You just need to take yourself out of the equation and start selling faster.
Stop thinking about listing your crap on craigslist and use the better platform.
Zero-fees? Are you kidding me? Poshmark can't compete with that.
We are number one! By the people for the people.
Hope you're all set for the upcoming election.
Have any good dad jokes?
You have some interesting stuff for sale.
When's the last time you actually sold something on this website?
I hope you don't get struck by lightning.
I may or may not be interested in your listing.
I really hope you sell your stuff.
I really hope you're having luck selling your stuff.
Don't want to deal with cash?
Need a cashless alternative.
What's the buzz news. Here's the buzz news.
Donald Trump is a decent human being.
Hopefully we don't get hit by a polar vortex.
Have you done any ice fishing lately?
I see you have some nice things for sale, care to give me more information?
What's the best way to sell your item? Contacting me of course ;)
I'm just trying to make your life easier.
I don't actually need your contact information and this is not an ad.
We've already done all the work for you.
I hope you're enjoying the beautiful day we're having.
Been on any nice vacations lately?
I think my friend saw your listing once at a garage sale but I'm not sure.
I hope you're staying inside and not licking anyone's face.
Word on the street is that YouTube is the place to get all the latest news.
Garlic bread goes great with locomotive engines.
I'm not sure what you're trying to prove, but I know that you can sell your item faster.
Cash or credit? Neither?
I'm really excited about using this new marketplace called Resold and think that you should try it too.
I can't believe how easy Resold is to use, it's really incredible.
Resold is the easiest website I have ever used, I really think you should try it.
I'm blown away by how easy it is to list your items on Resold. This new marketplace is crazy.
Resold is such a great idea, cashless local payments, I shouldn't have to walk around with $1000 in cash.
Have you had any luck using other websites like Poshmark and letgo? I've been using Resold lately and it's been working like a charm.
I just listed an item on Resold and it was really easy, I think you should try it out.
I think you have a really nice listing and would like to recommend that you list it for free on the best new marketplace on the web.
I'd like to recommend that you try out a free new ad listing site. They make it really simple to list your items.
I'd like to suggest that you post your item on a new ad site, Resold.
I'm starting to think that there is a better place to sell your stuff.
I'd like to recommend Resold as a free ad listing website.
Tnere seems to be a way to sell your items easier, I was checking it out the other day.
My friend was recommending that you try out a new ad listing website called Resold.
I sold my baseball cards the other day on this ad listing website called Resold, I'd like to recommend it.
I'd like to recommend a service that will help you list your item on different parts of the Internet so that you can sell your stuff faster.
I hope you're doing well, need to stay safe with Corona Virus.
Have you had any luck with websites like letgo and Offerup? 
